00:01
Hello, this is Tudor Pitu Lice, student number 234803 and I'm gonna review the interface for Dominic. Okay, so first thoughts, the interface looks very professional. Welcome to Classroom.

00:21
Okay, the colors of the interface looks very nice and also the widget right here, it looks like very nice. Continue, real time. How are you doing this? I really like those. I can't beat you. Classroom occupies status, ensuring users can quickly find suitable places for their needs.

00:51
I also like the bullets for this because you know like how many pages you have left.

01:02
Oh I didn't look, it's like a free introduction, use this ether size. Okay.

01:16
Oh, one thing I noticed that it goes up a bit, but this could be done pretty quickly at the next iteration of the interface. We cannot guarantee that course content is up to date, but we are working continuously to improve the course content. Oh, also works with the scrolls, so not only with the clicks, so that's good. And how do I...

01:46
How do I agree? Oh, okay, that's a bit... you have to click on the text. Okay, I agree. Congratulations.

02:01
Okay, so we're gonna start using the app, creators team. If you write it, just a creator, one man team. Start using. Oh, the animation was really cool. Example, email, password, remember. Sign up, oh. Sign up for the load. Yeah. Sign up for the load. Wait, when the task is... You can't write it. Okay, I can't write.

02:31
but this is either sign up okay i'm going to sign up with the google account i can't write yet but this would be done sign up the loading screen looks fancy

02:49
No, Quint class is available. Professor Guy Hawking's.

02:57
It looks really good with the courses that they made and the status of each professor. The icons, top searches, it looks really nice with the shading down the buttons. Add class. Bookmarks.

03:22
Vixen Masterclass Data Science AI Business. I really like that it goes 45 minutes remaining from the class. It's really nice. Account John Smith. Is this your number? Oh no it's 1234567. But did you put your email right here?

03:48
enable notifications. Oh, delete account. I can't delete my account though. Okay, I really like the app. It looks like very professional compared to mine, but yeah, I really like it.

