00:01
Breaker Breaker, this is Aaron speaking. 235084, I repeat, 235084. I'm judging the transfer thing.

00:16
shit i forgot the name no no no wire frame that's it's wire and i'm just in the wire frame of dominic plus yes uh... all right so let's open the app continue real-time this mobile application provides real-time information about the personal occupant status saying you so how did you get the moving stuff

00:44
..and sharing users can quickly find suitable spaces for their needs. Mock University provides a convenient platform via mobile and web apps. Users can access... ..turbicular... ..data to check class status easily. Content, Consent and User Agreements. This system is designed to assist in identifying the occupancy... ..status of classrooms and study spaces.

01:14
this accuracy. The accuracy of the system may vary based on factors such as lightning conditions, image quality and data sets diversity. Alright, I agree.

01:29
Now by clicking agree you acknowledge that the system is an informational purpose blah blah blah blah blah. Congratulations you have reached the end of your introduction. We are excited to introduce you to the Classroom Occupancy Detection System. Wow, you can get a shortcut to the whole thing. Thank you for choosing us and optimizing your space utilizing and improving productivity. Happy room finding. Best regards, creators team.

01:55
Now I can log in. I can use Google or either use an email account. I went through the introduction so you either sign in or log in. Let's log in. Alright. Mock University current classes available. Let's see.

02:21
It shows the professors of the university, their courses, and if their course is still ongoing or pending. Or the available classes. I can search for a new class. I can add a class. I can bookmark a class. And I can check my own accounts. Alright.

02:51
I saw the elements on the home screen. UCC's search, shopping, yes. UCC's ads class, I did. UCC's bookmarks, I did. UCC's account, I did. Can I select? Yeah, digital marketing, nice. Well the app looks very professional. I like the animations in it. It's very clear. Very pretty.

03:18
It does ask for a lot of personal information for a room classifier, but all apps do that these days. Search system, Mock University, oh now it looks good. Professors are very diverse. A lot of Roberts.

03:46
Yeah, that looks good. I can't wait to use it.

